For this project, Luis Escobar and Max Engel-Streich wanted to test out their ability to make an ecommerce mockup, specifically for a cafe. More specifically, Chakra Cafe is a real, brick&mortar cafe located in Sunnyside, Queens (, New York). Using a project framework laid out by the FlatIron School, Max and Luis set about creating a website that would be simple for users and attractively designed (primarily with Tailwind CSS), but comprehensive for the cafe to work with. 

Starting with the Models generated by Ruby on Rails, the project was designed to have three main components, but four models:

-Users: Anyone can browse the site, but users will need to log in to actually put items in a cart or place an order (User data/authentication is handled using the ruby bcrypt gem).

-Menu Items ('Item'): Each user can order from the same menu of items.

-Selected Items: When the user selects an item's "add to cart", an entry is made to a join table on the backend: it tracks the user's id, the item's id, and logs a quantity. (Currently the default quantity is 1, there is no "adjust quantity" feature at this time, although the user is permitted to add multiple of the same item to their cart). 
This functionality, of having the cart stored as a join table on the backend, allows the cart to persist across pages/State variables (without needing to pass props between components), and allows the cart to persist across login sessions if a user should log out and log back in.

-Purchased Items: When the user clicks "purchase" on the Cart page, the Selected Items table is destroyed, with all of the items re-created on the Purchased Items table.
At this time, there is no buildout of the backend features that include the Purchased Items (ie, no "order history"), nor is there a frontend display for the backend tracking of the user's "points" (an attribute of the User model), which reward the user with a "free coffee" after ten "purchases."
Currently, this information is logged only with a humorous message in the Console. Hopefully a buildout will occur in the future.